(ViVi practicing the choreography of ‘Hi High’ while Chuu and Go Won are filming!)
ViVI: Maybe group dance scene for verse 1 will be done tomorrow
ViVI: So I’m little nervous right now~
ViVI: I have to be getting used to it so…
(When you need to be getting used to something, do like ooh-ah ooh ah...)
(ViVi the robot is getting better with a choreography)
ViVI: I think the last line of our song is little
ViVi: cute, right?
(LOOΠΔ’s very own unique style of lyrics!)
ViVi: Like kimbap, you’re like dumplings, so sweet
ViVI: However I had never expected~
ViVi: That Kimbap and dumplings will be included in the lyrics
ViVi: So when we made the choreography, we tried to put some special moves like this…
(For example?)
ViVi: Like kimbap, you’re like dumplings~
ViVi: But we needed to make it more cute and beautiful~
ViVi: So, the final version of the choreography looks a lot more neat, I think!